{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11600\viewh10680\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 This is the series of Scripts and Macros that I have developed to PreProcess cells. Almost every experiment I\'92ve ever done utilizes this series of processing to prep images for a more in depth analysis. \
\
\ul Setting up the Directory:\ulnone \
The directory needs to look like this:\
Experiment Folder:\
> GFP0X.tif\
>mChStack_0X.stk\
>NomStack0X.stk\
>Targets0X.stk\
>Regions0X\
	>.rgn Files\
\
Notes:\
1) The Regions0X folder needs to contain all the .rgn files from the experiment and they need to be in the following form:\
\
Exp01tar001.rgn\
\'85.\
Exp01tar010.rgn\
\'85.\
Exp01tar100.rgn\
\
To achieve that form you will either need to do that manually or run the scripts entitled \'93XX\'94 using python. I prefer to run it in ab iPython Notebook but you could also run it from the terminal as well.\
\
\ul Setting up the Macros:\
\ulnone These Macros work in either FIJI or ImageJ. As I tend to run a series of Macros and like to edit them on the fly if need by, I do not load the macros directly into ImageJ. Rather I open a new macro and copy-paste the necessary macro into the \'93New Macro\'94 window. This is one reason why I prefer FIJI. It opens a code-editor like window so things are color-coded and there are line numbers. ImageJ, on the other hand, only opens a blank txt file so it is harder to edit.\
\
\ul Pre-Processing Cells:\
\ulnone To PreProcess cells you will run two different Macros:\
1. MultiMerge_ImportROIsCenter.txt\
2. Cropper.txt\
\
Each of these Macros has dependencies (i.e. accessory plugins) that are documented within the file. You must install the dependencies or they will not work. \
\
1) MultiMerge_ImportROIsCenter.txt accomplishes a series of tasks including:\
- Bleach correction\
- Registration correction\
- Image generation including Edges and Centers\
	- These images are commonly used in downstream analysis\
2) After successfully running MultiMerge_ImportROIsCenter.txt, each cell must be individually cropped. Cropper.txt accomplishes this. \
3) Cropper.txt used to work very well, however, I have noticed since May 2017 after updating to the most recent MacOS Sierra that this Macro it tends to throw an error in ImageJ and in FIJI it runs very slowly. I have not done any troubleshooting to understand this. \
4) After pre processing you can begin to analyze cells in the best way you see fit. \
\
\
\
}